Remove deprecated accelerator pass through functions in Accelerator (#10403)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: CHANGELOG.md

- Removed deprecated method `master_params` from PrecisionPlugin ([#10372](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/10372))

> - Removed deprecated method and property of `accelerator_pass_through_functions` from Accelerator ([#TBD](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/tbd))
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed deprecated passthrough methods and properties from `Accelerator` base class ([#10403](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/10403))

```
